http://yestoyolks.com/2014/08/27/homemade-ramen-with-bacon-soft-boiled-eggs/

HOMEMADE RAMEN WITH BACON & SOFT-BOILED EGGS
August 27, 2014 by Molly 11 Comments

Homemade Ramen with Bacon & Soft-Boiled Eggs
Yield: 2 servings

Ingredients

4 slices bacon, chopped

1 (1-inch) piece of fresh ginger, peeled and sliced

3 garlic cloves, sliced

1 tablespoon minced lemongrass

1 tablespoon white miso paste (or more to taste)

Red pepper flakes, to taste (I used about ½ teaspoon)

4 cups low-sodium chicken broth

2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce (or to taste – the miso already adds quite a bit of salt)

½ tablespoon balsamic vinegar

½ tablespoon rice wine vinegar

2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil

1 package dried ramen noodles (discard the included seasoning packet)

Toppings:
2 cups stemmed and chopped baby spinach leaves

1 shallot, very thinly sliced

2 soft-boiled eggs, peeled and halved

Chopped scallions

Sriracha hot sauce (optional)

Instructions

Place a pot over medium-high heat and add the bacon. Render until crispy.
Remove half of the bacon with slotted spoon and set aside
(this will be used as a garnish).

To the remaining bacon and drippings, add the ginger, garlic, and lemongrass and
 sauté for 1 minute. Add the miso paste and red pepper flakes and stir until
 incorporated. Add the stock and bring to a simmer. Simmer for 30 minutes and
  strain out and discard the aromatics (bacon, garlic, ginger, and lemongrass).
  Stir in the soy sauce, vinegars, and toasted sesame oil and keep warm until
  ready to serve.

Make the soft-boiled eggs at this point but do not drain the water when
finished. Instead, return the water to a simmer and cook the ramen noodles
for 2-3 minutes or until tender. Drain, rinse, and set aside.

To serve, divide the baby spinach, shallot, and the cooked noodles between two
bowls. Ladle the hot broth over the noodles and top each bowl with the
crisped bacon, soft-boiled eggs, scallions, and hot sauce. Serve immediately.

Ingredient notes:
If you cannot find fresh lemongrass in your grocery store, check
the Asian/International aisle for jarred lemongrass in water. Works in a pinch!
Miso paste can be found in the produce or refrigerated section of most grocery
stores. You can also order it online. It has a strong flavor with a super salty
punch, so start out with a little bit and add more as needed. I found that 1
tablespoon was perfect for me.
The original recipe called for Chinese Black Vinegar, which I could not find
anywhere for the life of me (except on Amazon). Not needing a millionth bottle
of something in my pantry, I made do with a mix of balsamic and rice wine
vinegars. While not as authentic, it still tasted great!
